Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/pathpicker/index.md

## Description

> The Path Picker component is an input that allows the user to select the path of a resource from a repository or via an external link. If the value starts with `/` the path picker will autosuggest possible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Path Picker dialog field is an input that allows the user to select the path of a resource from a repository or via an external link. If the value starts with `/` the path picker will autosuggest possible values.
```
